Modify S2598(javascript): Convert to LayC (#2901)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2598/javascript/how-to-fix-it/multer.adoc

== How to fix it in Multer

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

> The following code samples is vulnerable because it implicitly use `/tmp` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code sample is vulnerable because it implicitly uses `/tmp` or
```
